Ok so it's coming along really nicely in terms of features and lack of bugs!

There's a few major ones left to add though, which might prove troublesome...

 1. Rotating Patterns (Modes)
    This shouldn't be super difficult to add, but might conflict with the next one:
 2. Keyboard Brackets
    These might be difficult to get right in the first place,
    but I'll also have to think of a good approach to integrate them with the rotating patterns,
    since they should slide along to match the rotation, but will need to "wrap" as well, so they point at the correct notes.
    Maybe I'll need to integrate a new "window" for the bracket, like the keys have...
 3. Keyboard Shortcuts
    Arrows should change the tonic, and letters should map to the piano.
    Spacebar should probably play the pattern, and maybe some other shortcuts for changing layout or pattern


And then some finishing aesthetic touches:
 1. Reverse the note-play animation to brighten instead of dimming
 2. Dim unincluded notes when a pattern is selected
 3. Round UI corners and harmonize dark-mode theme
 4. Pick a nicer font to use globally
 5. Change checkboxes to switches and skin appropriately
 6. Possibly make the wheel elements bigger, and tweak border width on both wheel and keys
 7. Deal with double-border issue on keys
 8. Add gradient on edges of keyboard-window
 9. Pick softer "black" and "white"
 10. Possibly change the layout picker to a carousel like the tonic one?
 11. Move options labels to center above their pickers, give them their own spaces/more prominence


And then there's a whole list of QoL updates I could make, but that I might wait until I have a developer on board for...

 1. MIDI input
 2. Better pattern menu (full grid arrangement)
 3. Tutorial/Progressive element introduction
 4. Alternate playback soundfonts
 5. Custom pattern creation
 6. Custom colour pallets / alternate themes
 7. Other instrument visualisations (guitar tabs, wind instrument fingerings)
 8. Separate tonic changers for wheel/keys (can change by 4ths/5ths)



And then of course, there's the far-future dreams of an all-in one music education app that builds your knowledge from the ground up...
With everything from:

 1. Sound waves/basic physics
 2. Frequency/Wavelength
 3. Overtones/Harmonic Sequence
 4. Freq ratios/Intervals
 5. Consonance/Dissonance
 6. Harmony/Melody/Rhythm
 8. Tuning/Temperament
 9. DODECATONE
 10. Timbre/Waveforms/Additive Synthesis
 11. Instrument construction/operation
 12. Vocal anatomy/sound production
 13. Western and Non-Western Writing Systems
 14. Global Music History and Culture